(1) 
Mint a PIGGYBOMB NFT, which has an unlimited supply. There are three power levels, each with a different price in ETH. All your ETH gets refunded when you burn ("explode") your NFT minus a small mint fee so the cost to play the game is minimal. The nonrefundable mint fee starts small but rises *dramatically* as the game advances so it's best to mint early as later players are penalized.

(2) 
When you blow up a PIGGYBOMB, you get all your ETH back + Blast's native interest. You can blow it up whenever you want through a burn function in the contract or a button on the website.

(3) 
The game will run for three months.

Once it starts you have two options.

A. Keep your bomb unexploded until the game ends. By doing this you will get an allocation of our $BLAST developer airdrop reserved for the unexploded. The amount will depend on: (1) how many people kept their bomb unexploded until the end, (2) how powerful your piggybomb is, and (3) how long since the bomb was minted (so you can transfer wallets). 

In addition to the $BLAST, at the end of the game all unexploded piggybombs will receive another benefit that will be announced then.

B. Explode your bomb.

If you choose to explode your piggybomb during the game, your success will depend on a mystery snapshot.

After the game ends, we will use Chainlink VRF to retroactively and randomly select a day/time and take a snapshot then. No one, including us, will know when the snapshot will land and the reveal will be public and auditable.

If your bomb exploded AFTER the snapshot, you get no $BLAST allocation. Sorry. But you get your ETH back + Blast's native yield, so you're not too upset.

If the bomb exploded BEFORE the snapshot, you will get an allocation of our $BLAST developer airdrop reserved for the exploded. This allocation will be 2X bigger than the allocation for unexploded.

The amount of your allocation will depend on: (1) How close your piggybomb exploded to the snapshot, (2) How powerful the bomb was, and (3) How many others exploded before the snapshot.

(4)
There are a limited 1000 supply of NUCLEAR PIGGYBOMBS. These bombs have the highest power level and are reserved for allowlisted early community members.

(5)
A quick word on the game theory.

Holding is generally the safest choice and it pays to mint early and hold until the end. However, if everyone does this then the allocation gets diluted down significantly so exploding becomes the more profitable strategy. Still, you're guaranteed a reward.

Timing the explosion is tricky because no one knows when the snapshot will be. It's safer to explode early since it helps ensure you beat  the snapshot but if everyone explodes early and the snapshot happens late those who waited and risked more get a far higher prize.

The size of bomb you mint matters too. Big bombs yield more than small bombs so you can diversify with a lot of small bombs or take a bigger risk with a big bomb.

(6)
Always remember...Bulls and bears make money but pigs get blasted.
